hey guys it's awfully May we are at the
LCS and I am here with cloud 9 contracts
you guys just beat Team Liquid - oh what
a win what were your thoughts on those
games ah I thought they were pretty
clean and this yeah overall they were
pretty clean uh first game I got picked
out a little bit um passed like 20
minutes but I think I played early game
pretty well I I'll pass reignover and
red what are you gonna do pretty easily
um and then second game it was like a
lot slower I got first one again
I don't remember on who but I got first
wide and I know cuz we got all the tier
two towers really early so it was before
barons blonde so we didn't really have
anything to actually like push our
advantage on and it was really hard to
keep seeing towers so we struggled a
little bit there but we need up point
out to win was there a noticeable
difference between game 1 and game 2
when you were facing brain over and then
inori
no I I don't really think so they I
don't really see a difference it's
usually just I'm playing against the
reksai again so third place tiles were
kind of similar or yeah yeah annoy it
wasn't really too aggressive he pretty
much did the same thing right over or
like pretty similar to what reignover
was doing cool so cloud 9 you guys are
in the I wouldn't say the middle of the
pack but kind of like the upper middle
how has this split been for cloud 9 and
you as a whole it was definitely shaky
at first we went oh and it was pretty
disappointing when we definitely could
won those games and just we're looking
to improve week by week and I think it's
we're on an upward trend right now and I
think we can do really well for
ourselves wonderful and what are your
thoughts on the current jungle right now
there's actually I really enjoy jungle
right now because there's so many jungle
options just like at least 8 or 9 chance
to play and you can never get bend out
because there's the top three junglers
are like
of each Gragas and something else but
they're not like super Opie that you
can't play anything else into it so this
is yeah that's a lot of options and I
really enjoy the medal right now if
you're fine against Zach who everyone is
crying is Opie okay never mind that
champions doesn't even count because
he's perma banned all the time that zach
is Opie didn't get through there was one
game today where he got through I think
I remember who it was but yeah keep
think he why yeah it was in Europe or
something I think Inc it was plated and
it was just insane like the champ to
always need to be bad no matter what
cool well you were Rookie of the split
last split and now we have this
surprised rookie coming in because the
first we don't have any rookies Mike
Young have you played with him in
soloqueue before and what do you think
about his current skillset and maybe his
potential ah Mike Young is interesting
because he was really high yellow as a
new league player and he took like a
year break to finish school or went on
and then he came back and got picked up
by p1 randomly I played against him a
couple times I think he is really good
mechanics but he's still really new to
the team so he needs a lot more
experience I feel but I think you know
maybe once he plays a splitter to it
he'll be pretty good now I think you
guys are actually the closest in age
because he just finished high school and
I remember I think you were the youngest
last split so even though you're just a
split older than him do you have any
like sagely advice to pass on to him I'm
not really a veteran or anything so
Ricky - Ricky uh-oh
play like you're playing skins and do
well wonderful well I have one last
question for you we discussed it a
little bit before this interview I hear
you are the cloud9 resident anime
professional you got smoothy hooks on
hero academia and he got me hooked onto
it you said one piece is your favorite
do you have a favorite of this season
right now that you think people should
check out well attack on Titan just
finish airing if you haven't watched
that you should definitely check it out
because last two episodes we're pretty
good
no spoilers point no no spoilers just
last you ever sowed amazing that's a
good one what about
what's your all-time so you said one
piece was your all-time what's your
favorite thing from one piece like
favorite character ah there's a battle
called battle of marine Ford that arc is
probably when the one of my favorite Rx
in that anime perfect world thank you so
much for this interview do you have
anything that you'd like to say to any
cloud9 fans out there um we had a rough
rough start but I think we're doing
pretty well for ourselves right now and
I think we can only get better so keep
looking out for us awesome well thank
you so much for this interview contract
and for everyone else you could stay
tuned for more interviews hey guys
thanks for watching the interview hope
you enjoyed it if you would like to help
me with my crippling debt and student
loans you can check out my support page
all the wacom slash support please and
thank you